today we're going to make something
really special it's one of my favorite
childhood memories
poor noodles it's terrified it is
delicious and things of curvy a shampoo
he's right here ready to Tricia let's
get started okay okay so here are the
ingredients for Singapore noodles we
have rice noodles very thin we have the
stem of cilantro scallion carrots julian
green and red peppers audience
and we have some shrimps and barbecued
pork toasted sesame
a dash of salt pepper Oh actually this
is salt started and this is a sesame oil
like soy sauce and two beaten eggs
chef Lauren is going to demonstrate how
to make a really thin Chinese egg
pancake in the can do face
we add a little bit of oil into the pan
slowly at the beach and hang
make sure that panic spot
but not too hot actually
so now that the pancake thing is
finished now we're going to julienne it
into really really thin stripes so look
at this
chef's we'll just said that the thinner
the better ah which does it quite in-app
so first of all we're going to a little
bit for you into your new Skeletor in
your walk and the shrimp and barbeque
boy
we're just gonna put this on the side
we're adding the Omni and six meters let
peppers and carrots until the rumor
comes out you know that they're ready
and at this moment we're adding to the
beach
as Joshua told me earlier that when you
add this cake you just slowly bring it
end on this one okay slowly making a
circle in your pan my smooth dough is
sad
now we're adding back the trim as a
barbecue part
after the scallion and
silento
oh boy it's in the oil
aha
chicken
about last but not least my product
regardless current on about one
tablespoon of curry sauce
think of her who knows I will put this
recipe down in the box but make sure
that you subscribe to this channel also
make sure that you comment like and
share this video you can also find me on
Facebook Twitter Instagram all that I
see you next have a wait I'm gonna do
something work
just found some Yuna SAP
sad
yeah
now
the fun
overall Hey he's waiting yes your cells
good